create pull request (#116)
shedding-hub/shedding-hub: data/wang2020fecal/wang2020fecal.md

Reviewer: Please add the text block for the description of this paper (including the link). Please also describe where you extract those two xlsx file. Please upload and insert the figure where you got the data into the markdown file.

```python
import yaml
import pandas as pd
from shedding_hub import folded_str
```

```python
df_a = pd.read_excel("A data.xlsx")
df_b = pd.read_excel("B data.xlsx")
df_a.columns = ["PatientID", "Day", "Ctvalue"]
df_b.columns = ["PatientID", "Day", "Ctvalue"]
df_a["Day"] = df_a["Day"].astype(int)
df_a["Ctvalue"] = pd.to_numeric(df_a["Ctvalue"], errors="coerce")
df_b["Day"] = df_b["Day"].astype(int)
df_b["Ctvalue"] = pd.to_numeric(df_b["Ctvalue"], errors="coerce")
```

```python
participants_ORF1ab = []
for patient_id, patient_data in df_a.groupby("PatientID"):
    participant = {

>         "attributes": {},  

Reviewer: You can remove this line as you do not have any attributes.
```suggestion
```

```

```python
participants_N = []
for patient_id, patient_data in df_b.groupby("PatientID"):
    participant = {
        "attributes": {}, 
        "measurements": []
    }
    for _, row in patient_data.iterrows():
        if pd.notna(row["Ctvalue"]):  
            measurement_ct = {
                "analyte": "stool_SARSCoV2_N",
                "time": int(row["Day"]),  
                "value": float(row["Ctvalue"]) if float(row["Ctvalue"]) < 40 else "negative"
            }
            participant["measurements"].append(measurement_ct)  
    if participant["measurements"]:
        participants_N.append(participant)
```

```python
participants = []
participants.extend(participants_ORF1ab)
participants.extend(participants_N)
```

```python
output_data = {
    "title": "Fecal viral shedding in COVID-19 patients: Clinical significance, viral load dynamics and survival analysis",
    "doi": "10.1016/j.virusres.2020.198147",
    "description": "This study investigates the fecal shedding of SARS-CoV-2 in COVID-19 patients, analyzing viral load dynamics, clinical significance, and survival analysis.",
    "analytes": {
        "stool_SARSCoV2_ORF1ab": {

>             "description": "qPCR analysis of SARS-CoV-2 RNA in stool samples targeting ORF1ab gene. Ct = 35 is the cut-off for a positive result, and Ct = 40 is a negative sample.",

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            "description": "qPCR analysis of SARS-CoV-2 RNA in stool samples targeting ORF1ab gene. Ct less than 35 is defined as positive, and Ct > 40 is considered negative.",
```

            "specimen": "stool",
            "biomarker": "SARS-CoV-2",
            "gene_target": "ORF1ab",
            "limit_of_quantification": "unknown", 
            "limit_of_detection": 40,
            "unit": "cycle threshold",
            "reference_event": "symptom onset"
        },
        "stool_SARSCoV2_N": {
            "description": "qPCR analysis of SARS-CoV-2 RNA in stool samples targeting N gene. Ct = 35 is the cut-off for a positive result, and Ct = 40 is a negative sample.",
            "specimen": "stool",
            "biomarker": "SARS-CoV-2",
            "gene_target": "N",
            "limit_of_quantification": "unknown",  
            "limit_of_detection": 40,
            "unit": "cycle threshold",

>             "reference_event": "hospital admission"

Reviewer: Here is "symptom onset", right?
```suggestion
            "reference_event": "symptom onset"
```
